# Project in Orcad Water Level Control Circuit for a Reservoir

I have implemented a water level control system for a reservoir in the OrCad program. 
Knowing that the level sensor used can measure liquid level linearly, with a maximum value of 440 [cm], the system is designed to maintain the reservoir level within the range of 80-380 [cm]. The level sensor is biased in current. The linear variation of the sensor's electrical resistance with the liquid level is 13k-23k [cm], and it needs to be converted into a voltage variation in the range of 0-(Vcc-2V). In the reservoir, the water level is maintained within the specified range using a pump controlled by a comparator and an electromagnetic relay. The pump-relay assembly is modeled using a resistor. 
The state of the pump (on/off) is indicated by an orange LED.

To model this water level control system in a reservoir, we need an electronic component to simulate the sensor, which is a resistor. Therefore, using a variable resistor, we will simulate the variation of the liquid level in the reservoir. As we have a linear variation of the electrical resistance of the sensor with the water level, we will polarize the resistor in direct current using a current mirror, which will generate a continuous current. Based on the variation of the voltage across the resistor, we will determine a voltage range in which the sensor operates according to the specifications. The voltage variation will need to be amplified and shifted to reach the specified range in the design data, specifically between 0 and 11V. Additionally, in order to signal the pump state using an LED, we need to use a non-inverting comparator that compares the signal with the amplified sensor voltage thresholds. 
The pump-relay assembly, modeled with the help of a resistor, will be controlled by a transistor acting as a switch.
